modules/nodes-nodes-resources-configuring-setting.adoc, before:

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * nodes/nodes-nodes-resources-configuring.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="nodes-nodes-resources-configuring-setting_{context}"]
= Manually allocating resources for nodes

{product-title} supports the CPU and memory resource types for allocation. The `ephemeral-resource` resource type is supported as well. For the `cpu` type, the resource quantity is specified in units of cores, such as `200m`, `0.5`, or `1`. For `memory` and `ephemeral-storage`, it is specified in units of bytes, such as `200Ki`, `50Mi`, or `5Gi`. By default, the `system-reserved` CPU is `500m` and `system-reserved` memory is `1Gi`.

As an administrator, you can set these using a custom resource (CR) through a set of `<resource_type>=<resource_quantity>` pairs
(e.g., `cpu=200m,memory=512Mi`).

For details on the recommended `system-reserved` values, refer to the link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/5843241[recommended system-reserved values].

.Prerequisites

. Obtain the label associated with the static `MachineConfigPool` CRD for the type of node you want to configure by entering the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit machineconfigpool <name>
----
+
For example:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit machineconfigpool worker
----
+
.Example output
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: machineconfiguration.openshift.io/v1
kind: MachineConfigPool
metadata:
  creationTimestamp: "2022-11-16T15:34:25Z"
  generation: 4
  labels:
    pools.operator.machineconfiguration.openshift.io/worker: "" <1>
  name: worker
----
<1> The label appears under Labels.
+
[TIP]
====
If the label is not present, add a key/value pair such as:

----
$ oc label machineconfigpool worker custom-kubelet=small-pods
----
====

.Procedure

. Create a custom resource (CR) for your configuration change.
+
.Sample configuration for a resource allocation CR
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: machineconfiguration.openshift.io/v1
kind: KubeletConfig
metadata:
  name: set-allocatable <1>
spec:
  machineConfigPoolSelector:
    matchLabels:
      pools.operator.machineconfiguration.openshift.io/worker: "" <2>
  kubeletConfig:
    systemReserved: <3>
      cpu: 1000m
      memory: 1Gi
----
<1> Assign a name to CR.
<2> Specify the label from the machine config pool.
<3> Specify the resources to reserve for the node components and system components.

. Run the following command to create the CR:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create -f <file_name>.yaml
----

Commit message:

OSDOCS#5019: Add note to use kube config to add system-reserved parameter

modules/nodes-nodes-resources-configuring-setting.adoc, after:

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * nodes/nodes-nodes-resources-configuring.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="nodes-nodes-resources-configuring-setting_{context}"]
= Manually allocating resources for nodes

{product-title} supports the CPU and memory resource types for allocation. The `ephemeral-resource` resource type is also supported. For the `cpu` type, you specify the resource quantity in units of cores, such as `200m`, `0.5`, or `1`. For `memory` and `ephemeral-storage`, you specify the resource quantity in units of bytes, such as `200Ki`, `50Mi`, or `5Gi`. By default, the `system-reserved` CPU is `500m` and `system-reserved` memory is `1Gi`.

As an administrator, you can set these values by using a kubelet config custom resource (CR) through a set of `<resource_type>=<resource_quantity>` pairs
(e.g., `cpu=200m,memory=512Mi`).

[IMPORTANT]
====
You must use a kubelet config CR to manually set resource values. You cannot use a machine config CR.
====

For details on the recommended `system-reserved` values, refer to the link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/5843241[recommended system-reserved values].

.Prerequisites

. Obtain the label associated with the static `MachineConfigPool` CRD for the type of node you want to configure by entering the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit machineconfigpool <name>
----
+
For example:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit machineconfigpool worker
----
+
.Example output
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: machineconfiguration.openshift.io/v1
kind: MachineConfigPool
metadata:
  creationTimestamp: "2022-11-16T15:34:25Z"
  generation: 4
  labels:
    pools.operator.machineconfiguration.openshift.io/worker: "" <1>
  name: worker
----
<1> The label appears under Labels.
+
[TIP]
====
If the label is not present, add a key/value pair such as:

----
$ oc label machineconfigpool worker custom-kubelet=small-pods
----
====

.Procedure

. Create a custom resource (CR) for your configuration change.
+
.Sample configuration for a resource allocation CR
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: machineconfiguration.openshift.io/v1
kind: KubeletConfig
metadata:
  name: set-allocatable <1>
spec:
  machineConfigPoolSelector:
    matchLabels:
      pools.operator.machineconfiguration.openshift.io/worker: "" <2>
  kubeletConfig:
    systemReserved: <3>
      cpu: 1000m
      memory: 1Gi
----
<1> Assign a name to CR.
<2> Specify the label from the machine config pool.
<3> Specify the resources to reserve for the node components and system components.

. Run the following command to create the CR:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc create -f <file_name>.yaml
----
